Group Names: please type in your name under mine so I at least know you can edit this document...
  Eric Lawrence
  Alex Moore

Overview Document:
1. Introduction: 
    The functionality of this overview document is to provide a detailed outline of changes made since version 3 of bork.
  This document is divided into three sections; section one is an introduction to our program and how to use this document,
  section two describes in detail the design and function of our code, listing features, case diagrams, and sequence diagrams,
  section three shows system specifications relating to design structure and file formats. 
    
1.1. System Scope: Briefly describe the system we are building.
    We are building a version of the popular text based game, zork. This verion of zork will take place in a dungeon called
  "Area 51." In Area 51, you are able to travel through a 5 room dungeon at your own accord. Each room has distinct properties
  that allow you to read descriptions of rooms and exits available, take items and add them to your inventory, and finally battle 
  NPCs in a riveting game of rock, paper scissors. 

1.2.
   Section 1. describes why we are writing this document and how it is organized.
   Section 1.1. briefly describes the system that we built.
   Section 1.2. provides descriptions of the individual sections within this document.
   Section 2. is an overall description of the functionality of our code.
   Section 2.1. lists and describes each of our supplementary features.
   Section 2.2. contains two use case write-ups and two sequence diagrams per group member. 
   Section 3. describes our system specifications and overall system design.
   Section 3.1. shows our group's UML diagrams
   Section 3.2. has examples of .bork and .sav file formats.
   
2. Overall Description:

2.1. A list and description of each of our supplementary features.

2.2. Each one of us needs to write 2 use case write-ups, and two sequence diagrams.
Neil:
  Use case 1:
  Use case 2:
  Sequence diagram 1:
  Sequence diagram 2:
  
Alexander:
  Use case 1:
  Use case 2:
  Sequence diagram 1:
  Sequence diagram 2:

Eric:
  Use case 1:
  Use case 2:
  Sequence diagram 1:
  Sequence diagram 2:
 
3. System Specification: Explain overall system design.

3.1. UML class diagram

3.2. .bork and .sav file format examples.
